{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red83\green83\blue83;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. Terms\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 By accessing this Website, accessible from hack.gt, you are agreeing to be bound by these Application Terms and Conditions of Use and agree that you are responsible for the agreement with any applicable local laws. If you disagree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from accessing this site. The materials contained in this Website are protected by copyright and trade mark law.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 2. Use License\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on Lifeline's Website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
modify or copy the materials;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
use the materials for any commercial purpose or for any public display;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
attempt to reverse engineer any software contained on Lifeline's Website;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
transferring the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 This will let Lifeline to terminate upon violations of any of these restrictions. Upon termination, your viewing right will also be terminated and you should destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether it is printed or electronic format. These Terms of Service has been created by Afonso Zhan and are not whatsoever real. This is a placeholder.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 3. Disclaimer\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 All the materials on Lifeline\'92s Website are provided "as is". Lifeline makes no warranties, may it be expressed or implied, therefore negates all other warranties. Furthermore, Lifeline does not make any representations concerning the accuracy or reliability of the use of the materials on its Website or otherwise relating to such materials or any sites linked to this Website.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 4. Limitations\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Lifeline or its suppliers will not be hold accountable for any damages that will arise with the use or inability to use the materials on Lifeline\'92s Website, even if Lifeline or an authorize representative of this Website has been notified, orally or written, of the possibility of such damage. Some jurisdiction does not allow limitations on implied warranties or limitations of liability for incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 5. Revisions and Errata\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 The materials appearing on Lifeline\'92s Website may include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Lifeline will not promise that any of the materials in this Website are accurate, complete, or current. Lifeline may change the materials contained on its Website at any time without notice. Lifeline does not make any commitment to update the materials.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 6. Links\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Lifeline has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The presence of any link does not imply endorsement by Lifeline of the site. The use of any linked website is at the user\'92s own risk.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 7. Site Terms of Use Modifications\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Lifeline may revise these Terms of Use for its Website at any time without prior notice. By using this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 8. Your Privacy\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Please read our Privacy Policy.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 9. Governing Law\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Any claim related to Lifeline's Website shall be governed by the laws of us without regards to its conflict of law provisions.}